In this video, we are going to go ahead
and implement this PetType Map Service.
I'm going to bring that up and we're
going to be working on issue number 29.
I'm going to toggle over to IntelliJ
now. I'm going to close these out
and our services here. Remember, we
have our map services. And basically, what
we want to do is create an
implementation for our pet types.
Let's go ahead and come in here. We
have a pet service so let's go ahead.
Our pet service implements CRUD service.
We want to do the pet type service so
we'll come in and do a new interface
And that will be interface.
So that is our interface. Now what we
want to do is create the actual
implementation of it so we're going to
say new Java class
like so.
Remember, we can take a look at our
pet service and that implements an
AbstractMapService.
We can go ahead and do the same thing
here.
That is going to be PetType Long
implements and that's going to implement
the PetTypeService. Come down here.
Implement methods.
Now we can see that I'm going to split this, so
split horizontally. We have our pet
service map.
It's almost all cookie cutter. In this
case, the code completion didn't work
quite right, so we want pet type return
back. I'm going to say super.
findAll. So that takes care of
that implementation.
This is going be...
and the ID is going to be a
Long value
like so. Now we have to implement to
save. Save Method is going to of course
return back a pet type
and takes in a PetType
like so.
Again, this is going to be a PetType.
The ID is going to be a Long of course.
Delete by ID.
We can see that this is now happy.
We have this pet type service and then
the one thing we don't want to forget is
if we don't add in the service
annotation, a very easy thing to do.
Spring won't see this as a Spring
component. It won't get wired up so you can
see that it became ungraded
So now, when the Spring Context runs, it's
going to go ahead and implement that
PetTypeMapService. I was just using
this as a template because these are all
going to be cookie cutter. We're doing
very similar things. But because the
typed in nature of Java, we need to do
some of these workarounds here, so that
at this time, implements the pet type
service and I think that was number 29.
Yep, so let's go ahead and commit this.
I'll say that closes number 29 and we'll
commit and push that to GitHub.